survey tools

google forms

epicollect
http://www.epicollect.net/instructions/

fulcrum
http://www.fulcrumapp.com/

https://zapier.com/learn/ultimate-guide-to-forms-and-surveys/best-data-collection-apps/

formhub
https://zapier.com/learn/ultimate-guide-to-forms-and-surveys/best-data-collection-apps/#formhub
https://formhub.org/

list:
http://brunalab.org/apps/

http://www.geospatialexperts.com/field%20data%20collection%20disaster%20response%20Q&A.php

nice reports!

exactly on point:
http://www.psrc.org/assets/9757/REPORT_AssessingUrbanAgriculture_final.pdf?processed=true

survey across several cities:
http://www.jhsph.edu/research/centers-and-institutes/johns-hopkins-center-for-a-livable-future/_pdf/projects/FPN/Urban_Community_Planning/URBAN_AGRICULTURE_A_SIXTEENCITY_SURVEY_OF_URBAN_AGRICULTURE_PRACTICES_ACROSS_THE_COUNTRY.pdf

mapping the potential for urban agriculture in worcester:
https://www.wpi.edu/Pubs/E-project/Available/E-project-042813-132523/unrestricted/IQP_Local_Food_Production_Team.pdf

references -- compilation of compilations -- very nice:
https://afsic.nal.usda.gov/farms-and-community/urban-agriculture

vacant land review
http://ase.tufts.edu/uep/degrees/field_project_reports/2013/Team_8_Final_Report_2013.pdf

** methods for monitoring urban agriculture **
http://www.ruaf.org/sites/default/files/Discussionpaper%205%20methods%20for%20M%25E%20of%20UPA_1.pdf


- design process for an urban agriculture app
http://carlosmarin.net/WordDocs/SeaPatchFinalReport.pdf

- challenges for mobile phone surveys
http://www.cgdev.org/blog/do-mobile-phone-surveys-work-poor-countries

- using maps for urban agriculture
http://geospatialworld.net/Paper/Application/ArticleView.aspx?aid=89

- the role of local food systems in us farm policy
https://www.fas.org/sgp/crs/misc/R42155.pdf

- legal tools for urban agriculture in baltimore:
http://communitylaw.org/urbanagriculturelawproject/

- FOSS for agriculture in tanzania!!! 
http://eprints.qut.edu.au/60772/4/60772(item).pdf

- apps for urban ag:
http://msue.anr.msu.edu/news/apps_for_urban_agriculture_and_market_gardens

- phil silva's survey tool:
http://www.thenatureofcities.com/2015/01/14/making-the-measure-a-toolkit-for-tracking-the-outcomes-of-community-gardens-and-urban-farms/

- global rural-ruban mapping project -- grump
http://sedac.ciesin.columbia.edu/data/collection/grump-v1/citations

- smartphone-based sensors in rural agriculture
http://www.hindawi.com/journals/js/2015/195308/

### mapping local food systems

- toolkit:
file:///home/dwblair/Downloads/mapping_local_food_webs_toolkit.pdf

good examples of options

- mapping vermont's local food system:
http://www.uvm.edu/~susagctr/Documents/SACMappingreduced.pdf
good examples of options

online database as an outcome:
http://www.farmfresh.org/

food systems diagram:
http://www.nourishlife.org/teach/food-system-tools/

ushahidi!!!

- VERY LARGE listing of resource for analysis of food systems:
http://guides.library.cornell.edu/c.php?g=31298&p=199466#5792402

see, especially: "Spatial Analysis & Mapping of Food Systems" section

- leopold center: example of local food system outcome
http://www.leopold.iastate.edu/sites/default/files/pubs-and-papers/2010-02-resource-guide-cultivate-linn-county-local-food-system.pdf

- very nice theoretical guide to mapping food system -- from foodsecurecanada.org
http://foodsecurecanada.org/sites/default/files/Mapping_food_matters.pdf

- farm to plate atlas for vermont -- nice web design
http://www.vtfarmtoplate.com/atlas

- local food mapping workshop -- good stuff in here, with links to open source tools
https://www.geovation.org.uk/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2011/08/Local-Food-Mapping-workshop-report-20-07-11.pdf

- background reading:
http://www.mpa.unc.edu/sites/www.mpa.unc.edu/files/SybilTatesCapstone.pdf

- "why local food" 
http://erb.umich.edu/Research/InstituteReports/14-15/Food-Hub-White-Paper-Final.pdf

- food hub - useful software 
http://food-hub.org/pages/food-tech-landscape#producer-ops

- mapping baltimore's food envrironment:
http://mdfoodsystemmap.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/Baltimore-Food-Environment-Report-2015-1.pdf

- theoretical overview
http://smallfarms.wsu.edu/wsu-pdfs/wrep0135.pdf

- mapping maryland food system
http://mdfoodsystemmap.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/Baltimore-Food-Environment-Report-2015-1.pdf

- nice mapping outcomes -- greater philadelphia food study
http://www.dvrpc.org/reports/09066A.pdf

- big picture / philosophy - mapping the minnesota food industry
http://www.crcworks.org/mnfood.pdf

- philosophy -- arguments for regional food systems
http://www.choicesmagazine.org/magazine/article.php?article=114

- nice report and stistics
file:///home/dwblair/Downloads/From_field_to_fork___The_value_of_Englands_local_food_webs_interactive.pdf





